These are the game rules. These can change at any time, so please check back.
Last updated: Sunday, November 1, 2020
Player rules:
A. Basic
1. Respect: Please be respectful to everyone. I do not accept insults. This includes how people speak, people's interests, race, gender, etc. I want everyone to be able to play this game comfortably and fairly.
2. Clones, sources, forks, leaks, you name it: Not allowed period. You will be jailed if someone finds out you are doing this. If you keep on doing this you will be banned. Although I don't log PM's, people can still definitely come to me or any admins with proof if someone finds out that people are sharing clones.
3. Keep it clean, if not shiny: Simply put, avoid heavy dirty topics such as sexual topics or cussing like a drunken sailor. We want this game to be clean and playable by everyone.
4. Spamming. This includes sending messages over and over again, long strings of jibberish, creating several accounts, etc. I do allow short strings, such as asdfasdf, but anything longer than that will get you a warning, and if you continue you will be jailed. Failing to comply even after being jailed will result in a ban. Please keep in mind that this can also include other sorts of spam, such as firing over and over with nothing in sight, spamming map-based elements such as doors and travelpoints, etc. As for accounts, if you are found possessing more than one account those accounts will be removed.
5. Listening to admins. When an admin tells you to stop doing something, you are expected to do so, regardless of whether it is outlined in the rules or not, unless you absolutely know that what an admin is telling you seems wrong or invalid. In that case you should come to me to be sure. Otherwise you are expected to stop. Failing to comply will result in a jailing, and even after then, a ban.
6. If you know someone has done something that is written in the rules, please do not hesitate to tell an admin about it. It does not matter whether they are your friend or enemy. All that matters is we have a fair game for everyone, and if it involves your friend, then its their responsibility to follow the rules, not yours. Just because they are your friend, does not mean that you should hide their rule breaks.
B. Jail
When you are jailed, it means that you have done something wrong with several warnings.
While jailed, depending on the severity, you will be allowed to play the game, however certain features will be restricted. They are, using admintells, access to the store, and participating in player-held events.
If the severity is critical, you will remain on the jail map, until you are free to be released. During this time you can type /jailinfo to check the reason as to why you were jailed, as well as the remaining time left until you are unjailed.
In the jail map is a door in the northeast corner, which will unlock when your jail time is up. You can press Shift Enter on this door to leavve once this time has occurred.
You are not allowed to create / use other characters or accounts to play the game while in jail. Otherwise, the jail period will be revoked, and replaced with a temporary ban.
If you think these rules need adjusting, or you think they may be too brittle / harsh, feel free to contact me. Also, if you feel an admin has done something you feel is unfair or incorrect, you may contact me as well.
Now, go play! :)
Admin rules:
Players, feel free to ignore this, but this is for administrators in general.
1. Use your commands correctly. Do not abuse them or play around with them. Being an administrator means you should take responsibility of managing the server and keeping everyone in line. Using the commands like toys is not appropriate. Failing to comply will get your rank removed.
2. Respect. As an admin some people believe they have the authority to boss people around like they are the king. Yes, there are times where you need to bring in the harsh tone. But it does not mean you should act as if players should do your bidding. Simply tell them what they are doing wrong, and follow what is outlined in the player rules.
3. Personal feelings aside, please. Just because you don't like someone does not mean that you should start using commands to mistreat them, such as banning them with no reason behind the ban, or treating them diffrently than others. You will surely be demoted for doing this. Keep in mind this also counts for treating your friends differently than others, such as giving them items, or giving different punishments than outlined in the rules, or not even giving any punishments at all.
4. If you are asked by players for a reason why someone was banned, jailed, or punished, it is expected that you give them some sort of valid reason. For example, They were spamming. This prevents players from believing that you punished them for no specific reason, and it also prevents players believing that you punished them out of dislike for that individual.